docs: provide docs content for template (#843)
asyncapi/generator: docs/react-render-engine.md

}
```

> The exported default function returns a `File` component as a root component which the generator uses to figure out what file should be generated. In our case we overwrite the default functionality of saving the file as `MyTemplate.js` but instead use the filename `asyncapi.md`. It is then specified that we should render `Some text that should render as is\n` within that file. Notice the `\n` character at the end, this is something that is automatically added after the `Text` component. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The exported default function returns a `File` component as a root component which the generator uses to determine what file should be generated. In our case, we overwrite the default functionality of saving the file as `MyTemplate.js` but instead use the filename `asyncapi.md`. It is then specified that we should render `Some text that should render as is\n` within that file. Notice the `\n` character at the end, which is automatically added after the `Text` component. 
```
